lomo did make a mistake there he kept
his barrack too far back the Bears gonna
go down here he's having the same
problem she's gonna end up losing his
barracks the Lions coming out to fight
those raids back the rage superior
maneuverability though allows LaMotta
Kili here we in his base with his
secondary la mole if he smart looks like
he is doing he is one correctly going
for that third expansion so we can get a
superior production while he has ear
opinion the base I would expect however
eerie to to get some drop ships shortly
here and then just start going for a
push looks like your we starting to go
for the push now his resources a little
bit I don't seem getting very far with
basically the units that limo has out I
mean he has a seamount of rates indeed
the amount of tanks it looks like
basically enough forces to repel some
kind of incoming attack it looks like
he's happy enough to to allow himself
push out of his base maybe go for a
third expansion a minute he's bringing
up more forces almost like he's trying
to basically draw the lines scanned he
sees basically what's happening he sees
that third expansion up he realizes he's
behind economically he's got races of
his own this is definitely actually
going to turn out into a good match a
very interesting match for factors going
down rates being produced I like that
both these players have decided to do a
wraith tank Goliath battle out of any of
the dual Terran matches I think that's
the most interesting situation we can
end up or hope for I think it's lomo who
has a SUV in the far right position I
think he's I don't think he has anything
that he can really use to defend that
the two great severe we doing a great
job of taking down that dropship two
tanks basically stranded now he's gonna
pull up those two tanks do as much
damage to the gas production as possible
right now the gas production is just
absolutely this is going to be the
lifeline the bread and life of these
players the more gas that they can
produce the better they're going to have
out of the field with is just so many
gas have units out you have raised you
have tanks Goliath aren't as gas heavy
but my guess is you're not going to see
as many Goliath out as you're going to
see race looks like they're going to be
primary at air here he's prepping that
third expansion which I don't think he
has enough forces to defend lomo also
doesn't have really hairy defendants
like lomo has some dropships out he had
some rights to defend it he got some
Wraith on Wraith or sorry Rafe on tank
action up in the front having two poles
right back doing attack I like the fact
that Yuri is basically kind of making a
statement Oh terrible terrible
micromanagement with those raised right
there losing two raids 21 Wraith of a
lomo I'm not quite sure what the that
was probably the worst micromanagement
of units have seen in a while losing two
to the single unit basically trying to
do kind of a standard you delicious spin
on it instead not pulling them out of
range for the delayed target fire and I
think I've losing both right now here's
pulling up on Lobos a second or a sari
is a second expansion
the tanks are basically setting up a
decent siege line you might be able to
fight this off it's right near his
production I expect him to be able to
pull up some rays to attack and be able
to move some tanks in i'm not sure if
lomo I mean I know he has drop chips I'm
not sure if he has those dropships
nearby and I ready to to drop and save
this this second expansion and here
comes here comes actually instead of
going for the same expansion he is going
to go for Erie's main I like that
maneuver its aggressive it's going to
put it's going to do oh this is
excellent maneuver here he doesn't have
any drop ships he doesn't have anything
to fight this off he's gonna it looks
like you react I take that back here we
just got some drop ships out but it
looks like lomo spotted them he's
already got glass on the ground to go
attack those dropships those tanks being
dropped tank bombs being dropped a
backside however there immediately being
taken down about surrounded Goliath a
good micro though on Ares part to get
rid of those tanks that could have been
a lot more devastating than it was but
he managed to minimize the damage in the
meantime lomo just trying to keep that
commands in our lives who's bleeding
SUVs out left and right just trying to
supplement that was really good micro to
pull a bestie we used to get a spot on
those lower tanks still that rate going
up harassing he's gonna lose that rake
to that turret though I'm not sure if
that was necessarily worth it but
definitely it looks like Yuri's got an
expansion that's about to go up in the
upper right in the meantime he's got a
small drop that he's pulling back right
now but yeah still the economic
advantage still in almost favor the
production vantage I would say though
has at this point swung to eerie eerie
looks like he's building another
expansion off looks like he's got two
expansions going up in fact and he's got
another one spotted in the right he's
gonna know when when that expansion is
going to be scouted out and I mean if it
doesn't he can set it down himself the
problem really is gonna be defense
there's no way he can get out defense
and I think that's why he's delaying a
building
that felt expansion at the two o'clock
position the meantime lomo has a
sizeable tank force looks like he's
going up to its kind of keep them back
though to defend his main i'm not sure
if he has the dropships full looks like
he does have drop churchville another
drop on that second expansion lomo are
sorry here he really wants to take that
second expansion down looks like did a
good job pulling out a couple units
looks like you might get a dropship out
of this yeah he took down one of normals
drop ships that was definitely an
advantageous drop his part I mean he
lost a sizable monogram as he did manage
to escape considering it was an ill ill
advised drop a lomo in the meantime is
gathering his forces he's gathering up
lomo or sorry hurry at this point is
taking the opportunity to lull in the
fighting right now as he sees them
approaching did a good comps at sees all
of lomos approach low most horses
approaching that's going to siege out
create a nice wall in the meantime he's
trying to seal up he's gonna wait until
he gets a significant a production
advantage but should be kicking in in
just a few minutes here and then he's
just going to be able to out produce
lomo and just push him all the way up
with just my guess is the duel a duel
push along the left-hand side with some
dropship to just some tanks running
straight up the middle